# 1351C - Skier

**Time limit:** 1.00 s **Memory limit:** 256 Mb

[Submit Solution](https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1351/C)

## Description
Skier rides on a snowy field. Its movements can be described by a string of characters 'S', 'N', 'W', 'E' (which correspond to 1
 meter movement in the south, north, west or east direction respectively).

It is known that if he moves along a previously unvisited segment of a path (i.e. this segment of the path is visited the first time), then the time of such movement is 5 seconds. If he rolls along previously visited segment of a path (i.e., this segment of the path has been covered by his path before), then it takes 1 second.

Find the skier's time to roll all the path.

## Input

The first line contains an integer $t (1≤t≤10^4)$ — the number of test cases in the input. Then t test cases follow.

Each set is given by one nonempty string of the characters 'S', 'N', 'W', 'E'. The length of the string does not exceed $10^5$
 characters.

The sum of the lengths of $t$ given lines over all test cases in the input does not exceed $10^5$.

## Output

For each test case, print the desired path time in seconds.

## Example
| Input | Output |
| :--- | :--- |
| `5`<br>`NNN`<br>`NS`<br>`WWEN`<br>`WWEE`<br> `NWNWS` | `15`<br>`6`<br>`16`<br>`12`<br>`25` |

---

### Implementation in C++
```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h> 

using namespace std;

#define endl '\n'

typedef pair<int, int> pii;
typedef pair<pii,pii> segment;

int main() {

    ios_base::sync_with_stdio(false);
    cin.tie(NULL);

    int n; cin >> n;
    while(n--) {

        set <segment> paths;
        string s; cin >> s;
        int sec = 0;
        int x = 0, y = 0;

        for(char c : s) {
            int old_x = x, old_y = y;

            if(c == 'N') y++;
            else if(c == 'S') y--;
            else if(c == 'E') x++;
            else if(c == 'W') x--;

            pii p1 = {old_x, old_y};
            pii p2 = {x, y};

            // Normalização: garante que o "menor" ponto venha primeiro
            // Isso faz com que A->B seja o mesmo que B->A
            segment currSeg = {min(p1, p2), max(p1, p2)};

            if(paths.count(currSeg)) {
                sec++;
            } else {
                sec += 5;
                paths.insert(currSeg);
            }
        }

        cout << sec << endl;

    }

    return 0;
}